YouTube is a 24/7 365 operation you're
always on you have to look at the
comments you have to look at your emails
and you have to keep close attention to
what your subscribers are telling you
however many content creators out there
do not even care they don't look at the
comments they are disengaged with their
fan base their subscribers but I think
that is a big mistake because commenters
are real people it's not just words on a
screen some real person in most cases
has typed that out because they want to
let you know how they feel if they're
giving you constructive criticism
maybe they're giving you praise and most
people or some people don't even care to
look at it and that I think is a quite
shame for myself I've always maintained
to focus on really having my
appreciation shown for all of the
subscribers I put a lot of work into
youtube over the years I've started in
2011 I have a lot of videos on here I
mean there's been over 1200 plus videos
on YouTube and now what's happened with
the deep monetization has really been
quite saddened to me because I've really
really worked hard to put in my effort
into YouTube as a business and YouTube
has decided to go this route currently
my work is on YouTube Facebook Twitter
reddit a few of the old videos are on
dailymotion as a backup I'm more
recently going to steam it I've also
gone into a new one called
d2 and that is essentially a
decentralized blockchain type of YouTube
replacement I think it could be very
good if in the very very early stages
but essentially it works with steam or
Siemens
and you could earn a little bit of
cryptocurrency but even if you're not
interested in that you can just get on
that website and watch the videos so I'm
trying to upload now I'm having some
issues doing the upload but I'm sure
that when you figure it out sooner or
later and you'll be able to watch my
videos on there as well
I don't know what I'm going to do with
YouTube exactly because I am quite upset
at them however that's where my big fan
base is so I don't want to necessarily
just alienate them and drop all videos
so I'm in a bit of a dilemma at this
time YouTube is not paying me anything I
even did that video you probably saw
yesterday just my face it's in front of
the blank wall as we have here and it
was about you know positive messages and
there was nothing controversial nothing
at all in video except me talking and
they said that apparently that couldn't
be monetized so you hit the little
button that says review my work but by
the time they review it you know it's
already done I mean my videos generally
got the most views on the day one day
too and then it starts to slowly decline
however you know if they're going to
approve the monetization after three
five ten days you know by then there
aren't many views so I you know I'm
really upset about it just the whole
thing it doesn't make any sense if the
videos were about war like some of them
are I didn't even bother requesting a
review but the ones that are truly not
controversial and they can have
advertisements on them they're still
getting their you know D monetize and
it's just it's so upsetting and a lot of
people would say you know you're just
being you know ridiculous is there a
private company they could do whatever
they want
listen let's say you've worked a
nine-to-five job okay you work the
McDonald's and McDonald's says that
you're going to pay that's just say ten
dollars an hour okay so you make 10
bucks an hour you work at McDonald's
you work an eight-hour shift the first
four hours you get paid and then the
second four hours you don't get paid but
you still have to work what would you
say
all of a sudden you showed up tomorrow
at work and they tell you these four
hours you get paid after lunch you're
not getting paid if you don't show up by
that second one you fired and then you
say you know what forget it I quit I
don't need to deal with this I'm going
to go ahead paid you go next door oh but
that's McDonald's to look around that's
McDonald's that's the dawn that all
McDonald's $10 an hour everywhere and
instead you go to when's okay you want
to win these all right you walk in but
when these they're only paying 50 cents
an hour and so you can work there you
can get paid all in hours we only get in
50 cents an hour so what do you do now
you're trouble
so that's the way YouTube is working
because they're truly the only real
competition is themselves they don't
really have sort of any other big
platforms out there that do what they do
and they are able to make certain people
who have a lot of subscribers they can
make a lot of money on YouTube and if
you're doing monetize of course you're
not going to make anything but you go to
the competition that's right oh wait a
minute
there is no competition and the only
competition such as let's say steam it
for example you make a fraction you're
only going to make a fraction of the
amount the one and I'm talking about a
small fraction for a lot of people from
what I've understood and that's right
there that's what it gets me because a
lot of people don't really understand oh
they just want to you know talk of a
game or whatever it doesn't matter I
just want to let you know that I'm in a
bit of the limo right now I'll continue
making the videos they'll get be
monetized that's fine I'm hoping YouTube
will change this
not going to change it so as a result
I'm trying to figure out furnitures so
there's people that have been sponsored
supporting me and everything and I'm so
appreciative that but I really don't
want to do that I really don't want to
have to rely on patreon or PayPal or
Bitcoin er cryptocurrency donations oh
that's amazing that people have been
donating I don't want to rely on that I
want to give free information I even
considered working on my own just
dropping YouTube's working on my own
websites and having the ability for
people to come to my website and have my
own videos my own platform on my own
website but in order to do that I looked
into it you have to basically have a
sort of a membership account it will
cause them quite a bit of money for for
me as you know to set it up if I need it
an IT person to sort of hook that all up
for me if not I mean I can do the basics
and safe a little bit money there but
that's a lot of time involved with all
this and then I would have to charge a
fee
remember if you let's say like a few
dollars a month I really don't want to
do that either I've always pride myself
on the ability to provide people with
free information and if they choose they
can pay for other information like my
books and things so I don't want to do
that I want to do free but where is the
platform where I can get a little bit of
income to basically make up for my time
people don't realise that that I should
be offering everything for free I get
that I want that but at the same time I
spend about three to four hours a night
doing videos doing research bringing up
this information commenting replying to
emails everything it's like three to
four hours every single day 7 days a
week 365 days a year
in fact on my honeymoon I was working if
you can believe that or not that's the
way this works you're always on you're
always trying to be helpful be
supportive be engaged and as a result
you get check
in the backside so anyway that's all for
this video here I hope that you enjoyed
it we'll see what happens in the near
future but until then I'll see you soon